Add `Playground` page for Lightpanda Cloud (#80)
lightpanda-io/docs: src/content/run-on-lightpanda-cloud/limits-and-billing.mdx

**Concurrent sessions** are the sessions open at one instant. This limit is about parallelism, not total volume: a plan's concurrency cap still lets you run many sessions a day, as long as no more than that cap overlap at once.

> Both apply however you open the session: over CDP, MCP, the HTTP API, or from the playground.

Reviewer: "however", here reads like a contrast
```suggestion
Both limits apply regardless of how you open a session: over CDP, MCP, the HTTP API, or from the playground.
```

Author: Right. Applied your suggestion.
https://github.com/lightpanda-io/docs/blob/b279cacae39100892eca0ad0a6a382770bd077ec/src/content/run-on-lightpanda-cloud/limits-and-billing.mdx#L30
